Fix #15909: Prevent text overflow in 'Select ride design' windows (#16730)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#15413] Modifying park rating with plugins desyncs park rating history from actual park rating.
- Fix: [#15571] Non-ASCII characters in scenario description get distorted while saving.
- Fix: [#15830] Objects with RCT1 images are very glitchy if OpenRCT2 is not linked to an RCT1 install.

> - Fix: [#15909] Text can overflow in 'Select ride design' windows.

Reviewer: For documentation, we use typographic quotes, not typewriter ones.

```suggestion
- Fix: [#15909] Text can overflow in ‘Select ride design’ windows.
```
